docs(nx-cloud): update remote caching feature page (#27382)
nrwl/nx: docs/shared/concepts/how-caching-works.md

## What is Cached

Nx cache works on the process level. Regardless of the tools used to build/test/lint/etc.. your project, the results are cached. This includes:

- **Terminal output:** The terminal output generated when running a task. This includes logs, warnings, and errors.

> - **Task artifacts:** The output of a task defined in the [`outputs` property of your project configuration](/recipes/running-tasks/configure-outputs). For example the build output, test results, or linting reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Task artifacts:** The output files of a task defined in the [`outputs` property of your project configuration](/recipes/running-tasks/configure-outputs). For example the build output, test results, or linting reports.
```

Reviewer: Clarifying that artifacts means files.  Otherwise you could read this as the build outputs, test results and linting reports are also terminal outputs.

> - **Hash:** The hash of the computation. This includes the source code, runtime values, and command line arguments.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Hash:** The hash of the inputs to the computation. The inputs include the source code, runtime values, and command line arguments.  Note that the hash is included in the cache, but the actual inputs are not.
```
